Notes:
Kai’Sa has very strong spells, but she is easily punished when they are on cooldown

The optimal playstyle for Kai’Sa is “high value” casts, using your spellcasts only to get the most possible value.

This config works for AD + AP kai’sa 

Script Config:
Q to isolated only

Manually input Q when necessary for PvP or PvE

It’s generally best to only Q isolated targets, use good positioning to find isolated targets

W only to proc stacks

This will prevent you from wasting an important cooldown

Will only use to proc stacks, for maximum damage

W is your main tool to secure kills in the early game, try not to waste it, as you don’t have kill threat when it’s on cooldown

Request W hotkey

Good for poking and long range

Invisible R ‘exploit’:

Enabling this will cast your E during your R animation, buffering the attack lock-out, and making Kai’sa invisible when the dash ends

Can enable it after E evolve, but not an important feature

Evolve ‘exploit’:

Press this hotkey when you have an evolution ready, and it will cancel the animation for you

Playstyles
 	
Crit

On-Hit

Burst

AP

Runes









Builds

MqQ_3ByE2KFKp6rL5ozQ_VORPNOGpxFnyDM-Hpb-q22Q4Kan5hPHFo4r_3OJI3fimo5QoWKH7qlodQ7B3aB8WSa33PnQwUwjlwod-gxm2nnv6eHvXAfg2dfoot0el8TwQD4nRC2B6klxEgl1mPxM8bkLwP30t3xyfgDshsMj5KkaULd3HkBmmotCIQ2aqdOHRcnvhzlmayk28ZO18kV09AuLozZELMqsuKQQNvaGnB7Aox4pqJC740H3hxvWFgqBZGBsz9UV5JK-1UwD62pAFbCO7D6hXvXOwqyWdqDUbXo_jQ8Yu9KazzPHm1Ke5Mu8lPQtKEgcBxdCbGRErl9MnQam-tGjnsSlEkKtijJMU2jL16wu1nF0mjC4B7s3cVDSKPuv5QBvur7vOuMszecEwSVDa_S6cUyvqsb7ATAz85WnIny4FdvhCI9QmljJ9eT3HugfA

sssP6ww0uG9hiISnrhWmFxUqBjHb9la1qQZPyZIcSYt_VWQwiU_41Ncjuyd8NrJ4Q8baUQvYoWyJveRFqnL7Mwd6MJZlRmHQFCPITvLNb4sSEZvQiEijhnU71Rs-81sPnguYvgJoVjT4naIrGRnPE3oUJoHzfXwwMpAI664D9eBi0vbk_tug9C7Rgu-igfUWzNjC45EyhPvfvMOnn64eg843SsVDfUSV5w-evK_OaSzJsCA1Y_VULr1VQtBOWU07_rszz_rC98s9rvm9DoWJDmt2186zUKzF5tifODvTbpf4L0

qkaaYFrRVO5fL2z_L0tLPMQFA41krXPffX4WfWBVw6xnRosiJ0S8DTeeWrReOTu9KUhsoSDr-VduEQicgxdv0A6-sGPnNhIJMlwJrTelasB-c22lHCrXM4yea0AiwR-PgqrvkTH1SUrVgZB1Tic7WK4js1HBoFLwX_Ar8AXLmsLVq53afwe9WM_K5vyq_FAW4nK_-u3CCrnWkU_PpYDph3wRU7hGScDnvhE6yIhE1Sx6MeGCaw1FROub0L99bARgbZsvmjZ-Q-IPfpcBndBhbfJPby2VPe8aFfTGdbDLQior8E

SzpLY3SvDGWHT5zKri7lt1NQ-G6t2sC3ZC-YcAUAR7tkQmLgzQJQpSFRijvMC9I5OKYk-Wwg4L0WfyMp8h7mAHZ9jE-1iLzoBJPKZetCPHfFmkpdl2y_U3YA5jxQZMMB387qMF8z4x5nSpgGCEHMPbUO0G2pCWYcfyOFJs3_RAYNKCIFZhsVgSahifQJ5HpQ_FCcsCfZ5X-ta6PyWcEMifzebSEn_cLsIBmg21_Q6vAG1HFUfhZcnO-ACKuat9VAzU0TKyYjMF2VSc5-DA_Tmp0NZGqzIWf7L3sr2MMQCTojrw

Notes

BoTRK is OP
P.D. for kiting
Runaans for AoE
 

Navori or Infinity is personal preference.

Don’t delay Rageblade, always buy it 3rd.

If the enemy drafts a lot of AP, consider building:

3-D5dQ5LjY6zs7dCxG3BVQFqeuP4FRIZqAuJQNSsVh37cclkBaRXcHGCr1x46Fz1QWh0nqoNx9MIe4z7-OiZCWNi10m6QCZYYoM6o8eF9gj7xJfpqglfQGwPjgSqzPrxpbOIZOqWfjFeIKsQHuhn-ho

Very cheap and gold efficient build for high damage and high defence

Cast galeforce during your W animation for oneshot combo


This build sucks verse meta comps, but if the enemy team is very long range, it can be hard to get value out of kraken+tempo

Crown + Nashors is strong vs enemies who like to get on top of you

Ludens + Shadowflame is highest possible damage

Tips & Tricks
WHEN to pick Kai’Sa

Kai’Sa is best picked with a melee support

Kai’Sa is best picked against frontline comps with low disengage

Kai’Sa is a great counterpick to Ezreal, at level 6 he can no longer run from you

Kai’Sa is bad if outranged and outdamaged (Caitlyn, Draven are strong counters)

Take W level 1 during an invade
3AA + W will give you first blood

The burst from W often helps secure kills you wouldnt normally be able to get

RUSH Q evolution

It’s better to delay your mythic in order to get Q evolve ASAP

D.Blade + Noonquiver + Pickaxe + (Pickaxe/Dirk) = Q evo

It’s quite common to see Kai’sa build 2 pickaxes early game

STOP going mana runes like PoM or Cookies

Kai'sa should NEVER have mana problems, and if you do, you're 95% playing her in the wrong style

Triumph is 100% better, gives more gold, and helps a lot when you get takedowns. 

If you need sustain, go taste of blood over cookies

GHOST is integral for kaisa

Kai’sa is short ranged, so it's hard to make use of lethal tempo

Ghost helps you immensely in getting lethal tempo off.

Ghost is best used vs melee supports

Ghost is OP in solo queue, as it allows you to easily escape ganks

NEVER start longsword + 3 pots. ALWAYS go Doran’s Blade start

The "go longsword vs high poke" doesn't apply to kaisa b/c of how her Q upgrade works and build paths

Doran’s helps rush Q evolve

If you have 450 extra gold, buy a cull ASAP, but don’t delay your Noonquiver or pickaxes for it

If you're leashing, give 7 autos + Q

Jg meta is very fast paced rn so giving them speed adv is very important, and Kai’Sa leashes are really good

If you're not leashing, always cheese and go in the furthest bush from your tower and all in lvl 1 if it's winning (90% should be winning)

NEVER start fights yourself

LET the enemy come to you

ALWAYS fight Front-To-Back, focusing down the closest target to you

NEVER use R on the backline, if the frontline is still alive

SAVE R for self-peel rather than playmaking
Macro Guide for Dummies(how to get good): by Hammo
Kai'Sa a short ranged adc who like to burst targets early via HoB and W, and later on kites and assassinates her targets. She has a short range which can be troublesome against champions like Draven, Ashe, Caitlyn, However she's very strong lategame and can easily solo carry a game if played correctly.  
So how should you play Kai'Sa? No one comes close to the amount of burst she can output so in laning phase short trades with HoB is always the best way since you will almost always out-damage the enemy AD As an ADC your laning phase is crucial for making it to mid-late, where you will be a kiting machine.

Most of you hardstuckers with scripts are stuck in D4, you wanna know why? You're garbage. Scripting is similar to steroids. It enhances your gameplay, it doesnt magically win games for you so you have to play accordingly.

Synergy:
Kai'Sa works with basically any support Both hard-engage and enchanters. Hard Engage - your goal is to win Lane Enchanters - you play for scale, if your support has hands you win lane aswell, if you play smart.

Laning Phase: I usually start Dorans Blade into a potion. AS SOON AS GAME STARTS, LOOK AT THE MINIMAP, its your bestfriend when you're scripting since you dont have to focus alot on the micro for ex. last hitting creeps since Disney is doing it for you. Does their enemy botlane leech their jungler? This information is crucial because that means 90% of the time he will gank mid after clearing or fullclear and gank top, which gives you freetime to farm, poke or even tower dive if your jungler started with TOP leech.

Priority, Weakside, What is that?
You need to understand why Prio is so crucial. if you have prio in a lane, if there is a skirmish in the jungle, you can move before their botlane can move which gives you the advantage obviously, Since we have awareness and can see their jungler most of the time, if you die to ganks you're beyond saving. It's legit telling you where their jungler is.

Every second your jungler is spotted topside/mid, you dont wanna go for a play. Why? There is a risk that you're being weaksided. What does that mean? Now another example, let's say your top lane is 5/0 while your bot lane is 0/5 combined. Now ask yourself, if you started two skirmishes vs the enemy on top and bottom side, which would you be more likely to win? It's also important to note that if your top is fed, the enemy top is probably weak. Likewise if your bot is feeding, the enemy bot is strong.

You have a bigger chance to win the top side fight because the TOP SIDE of your map is stronger than your BOTTOM side. That's how we get strong/weak sides of the map. If your jungler is showing top and successfully gets a kill 1v2, that can mean that their jungler is either mid or botside, which will give you a disadvantage if you all in.

Strong side/weak side also aren't hard rules that will tell you exactly how anything will go. If you overextend on the strong side, you'll still die, it just means that you can extend a little bit further than you normally could.

Wave Managment:
Depending on where their jungler is, you should be able to manage your wave. This is CRUCIAL as an adc. if you dont know how to manage your wave i suggest you do some research on youtube But i will cover alittle bit. The map is like a mirror, by watching your own minions you can see where the enemy minions are. (This is some basic fucking knowledge but many scripters disregard this) You never wanna base if your lane state is garbage, frozen at their side of the map for example, (Sometimes you cant help it if their jungler is botside or if your support dies) But you need to fix it asap. As Kai'Sa you have amazing waveclear which is really good for getting Lv.2 Quick. I almost always push the first minions, get a trade with enemy ADC with HoB, and almost always hardwin trades since i level up before they do. If you crash the wave in enemy tower and your support leaves you, HE IS NOT TROLLING!! this is when they have (ROAM timer). The wave is bouncing back to you. Just try to get whatever creeps u can, and dont die which should be hard with Evade.

Matchups:
Ezreal (Easy): You outtrade him hard since ur dodging all his Q's. He cant run from you after lvl 6 Since you R after he E's. Kog'Maw - EASY Bait out his W, let it run out before all in.

Twitch (Easy): Dont run if he all ins you, instead turn on him and use your R shield. if you are evenly matched in gold you win.

Sivir (Easy): When she uses Spellshields for your W. You cant burst her as fast as others. Play it smart and you'll win. Wait after she uses W on wave then you can do small trades if your E is ready.

Tristana (Medium): Keep your distance so she doesnt W you. Tristana is a champion that cannot freeze waves so no matter how much you int the wave management the wave will always come back to you. If she decides to W on you (if you keep ur distance u should be fine), bait her E and use E to run, then you have a window to trade when her E and W are on cooldown (Look tracker)

Caitlyn (Medium): Problem with caitlyn is her range. She outranges you and can almost always out-trades you if she spaces correctly. Luckily we have disney so we can always dodge the E-Q combo. If you decide to trade, do it upclose. you win

Draven (Hard, ban recomended): If you get into a draven game just afk farm since you will never win trades. Try to get to midgame, if you dont int you will outscale him.

Support Matchups:
This is very important. You need to pay attention and play accordingly. Is your support melee vs ranged enemy support? You will probably get outpoked so make sure your position is good. Try to farm safely and wait for your support to go for a play, use bushes to your advantage and wait for a good trade/all in. dont get poked down

Mid Game Stage:
After you lose your tower or get theirs, rotate mid and keep catching waves, Try to rotate/wait for ur team to make a play and dont think ur a hero because you're scripting. If you see a good oppurtunity you CAN take it (only because you're scripting and can dodge dangerous spells) When you're scripting on an ADC the positioning is not AS important but you need to be careful for point and click CC's so you should still take that into consideration and preferrably not dying before drake etc. Is it worth killing the enemy support who is 0/7 if you lose your flash and no objectives are up? No. So kill if you can but dont waste important summoners.

👀 Specific settings tips will be released once advanced Kai'sa gets released 👀

ono ap kaisa guide !!!

Important Info / Tips
AP Kai’Sa is heavily reliant on getting to her evolves as soon as possible. It’s more important to evolve than it is to finish mythic.

 

Take mana runes (Cookies + Manaflow Band)

Your first item, manamune, gives you AD based on your max mana, meaning these runes speed up your powerspike a lot.

Don’t waste any money early game on unnecessary things (potions, dark seal, boot upgrades, etc)

 

Barrier is an aggressive tool, as well as a defensive tool, use it as often as possible to try create advantages

Every summoner spell works, personal preference + matchup
But I've found barrier is the best tool if you want to play aggressive all game
 

Take one or both of these every game: Manaflow Band, Cookies

This is because Manamune converts your Mana into AD, which gets you Q evolve much faster.

 

Start Dorans Blade, helps with Q evolve, and lets you play aggressive during lane

If you want to play aggressive, you need to create a lead before first back
ALWAYS buy Cull first back, best first back is 1000 gold, for Cull+Tear+Refillable

 

Don’t buy Dark Seal until after W evolve (it can really fuck you over if you buy it sooner)

Don’t upgrade boots until after W evolve, boot choice is flexible

Lucidity Boots: Best option

Berserker Greaves: If building Nashors

Sorcerer Shoes: If solo AP

Mobility Boots: Inshallah

Runes:
Hail of Blades
I recommend you start with Hail of Blades, it’s like training wheels for Kai’Sa.

Provides strongest lane phase, and makes up for your early weaknesses

Works with every build / matchup

Helps learn Kai’Sa’s combos/limits

Can swap Boots+Biscuits for Manaflow+Transcendence (more scaling)

Nashors + Beserkers 
 

4PGhN7aiA1BYwLbmvCFDVCHjnhmNsCWwigrw-Xxhs314qMTiqOvwCNLi8H3jI7DodOW3cunvBE3XrHICA4Zoj8K-EA3k9OyaS1LRWuFnXTtnSdBheo6U1-NyuPY9foVZdRjz0iwjv1utKLMAYZfWFl0

First Strike
I take this page most games, it helps you reach your item spikes and buffs your mid game. Weak in lane, but provides insane value through gold and resources.

Best with Luden’s + Shadowflame build

Gives access to both Manaflow and Cookies, fastest Q evolve

Cosmic insight + Lucidity boots = Barrier/TP/Ghost + Flash cooldowns are so low

I don't like Nashors in this setup
 

GrviGcMOLKJg2jIcFA-MRc_stRx_jniZWtxwPtIo76-MfARvsGLsoyCHXiEl_tk9flWcB7aqbHYbnKRr4nGVwi2_eh-b5D5oO9Xq-dDtH2wOgn4ABPJtchu29vWtqhq4d99K_kQqs8Q6CbhVSgDL-yQ

Lethal Tempo
I generally take this toplane, or into bruiser/tanky mid laners

Good with Nashors builds (Crown/Riftmaker)

Rageblade (after rabadons)good against mega tanks like Mundo/Sion
This build is good if you will be auto attacking more than poking
